the one who spends kids here gives lewis
commenting for all of you and good
we are in david craft we are with the
creator who runs throwing and good today
we have come to show you a little what
have implemented again on the server
so that the success of that truth
is that it's pretty good there are 9 found
and well, they have worked hard
that you can see in the channels we are
in the anp that is where you are going to stop
and well here are the things that you can
do in the creative server survival
warfare of wells fargo actions that vph
and you give eta and good now we have come to
show you the tower
and it's one of these portals from the east
vp and minigames let's go into the
bats to transport we are here
Welcome to power minigames and we are going to
search vps
it matters that you have to stay in the middle
ok let's go to map 1 here
okay
and within the map 1
we'll start seeing people around here
and we have to do a couple of things and
as I said I was like that so if
you want to make money killing people
you can put bar jobs joint killer
every time you win money
you can buy new things
here you have the website and the store
it will also be in the description if
Now our war market good before
come here all good when you arrive
here rather said before playing at
Coliseum you will have to put one of the
kits valer was helping everyone
and you already have the sword armor kit
bow all this I wear it and then
good when you win the money you can go to
buy in guard bar market
can be used every five minutes
exact
in war market
we're going to come around here and give them
air
OK
I'm going to eat a bit like I said
you put like this you are not going to make money in the
which with the money because the power is the
buy things that you have here that
can help improve and good I eat
I have money that a bird has given me
called chara delete because I'm going to throw me
now
like a sword
and I 'm going to put
these are enchantments that you can
put to see I'm going to put idea straits 1 2
2 Amen
It does not matter
to see how I have the sword going
getting better
well after you can also love it
the armor that I have here naval she
one enchanted passes
pretty good
and I'm going to love the bow as not
here and here ready so good now yes
we're going to play by bp that's what
we were missing a couple more batches a couple
of 64
and good if we are going to go esparragar pvp
now
we waited three seconds and we're already
again about how this came back I do not want
kill me
if they kill me loyal loyal obviously
I'm going to throw this sword shit and we
we go
Petar bastard people
what's wrong with you, you can not kill me
dies dies now you will see the good thing that
I'm mw
and how the dispute runs eat this you
It is very good
do
this is also h is the bastard this goes
with dignified appearance
Hello
platform I heard something is not a thing
rare tumors I like your clients
they are bursting
I will not eat manzanita
you are making mouth that in vain
the manzanita is there to burst
You die, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for your life
200 yes yes now I do not leave you a fucking step
a lot of sword
you are true that I have the bow myself
I'm also going to give it a little
Y
or did you like that
good good you have to die
like this that with the fire this
you can see that I have put on a new
texture is the firewall
I still do some video because the truth
is that it happens all hd and I love it
you are going to eat is making mouth that but
no problem
to see scratch where you think you're going
hide
here
good kids who mate
over back this system is sad
let fist not bastard has thrown the sword
and the is picked up to see take crochet
come and I am already legal
I'm sorry I just took it for granted
host that they kill me kid that they kill me
eat eat eat eat eat eat
can fuck
I had three hearts uncle I just gave
count now my mother
thankfully they have not killed me yet
what is left to work here
I do not know what this will be
and kill myself that good good money
it's enough so good kids
this is the server of david craft
I hope you like it you can go through
by the website also by the store
obviously to have vision of the
description you have the ip too so
good until next time I hope that you
have liked and greetings kids